Holy shit. These are expensive.
It's actually decently priced. Oh, Becca, Neil is staying a little longer. He's found
someone he wants to pursue. Yeah. Try that off.
Well, perhaps we can find you a nice rich husband there, Talley.
I already have a man, mother. Oh, do you? Do you mean that Northern boy? You can't stop
texting? Becca, will you hurry up and show me already?
Uh, yep, I'm ready. You can afford this place. What are you gonna do? Steal it?
I'm going to the gala auction. There is no way that you are going. James is taking you?
You fucking bitch. That's enough. I'm tired of your shit. You can either fuck off back
to your dress or you'll recluse your fucking mouth. Don't you dare talk to my daughter
like that, you tramp? James, are you in there? Security? Please escort these two women from
the store.